# Target user profile: 
My cv is focused on finding a job as a web developer or app developer, so the final user I'm looking for is an information technology company. The final user is looking for a website that's well done, it has to have a good structure and good use of HTML and CSS. The final user is also looking for my skills in the informatics sector, and it's shown in skills, where I show a percentage of my skills in informatics languages. Also, the final user wants to see my work experience in the sector. Finally, what they are looking to find is how they can contact me, so there is a section where a company can send me a message, or they can use my phone or email.

# Information architecture:
That's a static website, there is a sidebar where users can move into different sections, and in the last section there is a form that users can use to send me a message.

# Visual design: 
The palette I used is this one: E7ECEF, 274C77, 6096BA, A3CEF1, 8B8C89.
I used this palette because there are two different grays and three different blues, and it makes my cv web more formal. I used E7ECEF (light gray) for the background of my website. Furthermore, I used 6096BA (blue) for the sidebar, which is located on the left. I used 8B8C89 (dark gray) when I showed the dates in the section on education. I used 274C77 (dark blue) to show the progress bar of my skill in some languages. The typography that I used is 'Georgia' because it's the same typography that the New York Times uses, so I think it's very formal. The layout of my web page is structured in a sidebar that users can use to move into the different sections of my webpage, this sidebar is positioned on the left side. The main page has different sections that are separated by a title. The first section is "About Me", where I show my personal info and a picture of me. The second section is "Education", where I show the courses I have taken. The different courses are in a square where I show the dates, school and name of the course. The third section is "skills", where I show a progress bar of my skills in different informatics languages. The fourth section is where I show my work experience, and it's a table, but this table only shows the border of the middle. The last section is a form where the user can send me a message. I used Bootstrap because when I worked at INDRA, I used this framework, and it's familiar to me. I used the version 4 because I'm used to using this version.


Link figma: 
https://www.figma.com/file/WMmlVDwevirIHDYhx5ROcH/Untitled?type=design&node-id=0%3A1&mode=design&t=I0NbEktRrnWUZ8DP-1
